[IMP] Helpdesk: update basics 18 (#11591)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/services/helpdesk.rst

Helpdesk
========

> Odoo **Helpdesk** is a ticketing-based customer support application. Multiple teams can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Odoo **Helpdesk** is a ticket-based customer support application. Multiple teams can be
```

configured and managed in one dashboard, each with their own pipeline for tickets submitted by
customers. Pipelines are organized in customizable stages that enable teams to track, prioritize,
and solve customer issues quickly and efficiently.

Create a Helpdesk team
======================

To view or modify **Helpdesk** teams, go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk app --> Configuration -->

> Helpdesk Teams`. To create a new team, click the :guilabel:`New` button in the top-left of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helpdesk Teams`. To create a new team, click the :guilabel:`New` button on the top-left of the
```

dashboard.

.. image:: helpdesk/helpdesk-teams-list.png
   :alt: View of the Helpdesk teams page in Odoo Helpdesk.

> On the blank Helpdesk team form, enter a :guilabel:`Name` for the new team. Then, enter a

Reviewer: It's not letting me suggest directly, but in line 24, it says, "...in the field below the team name," - does this field have a name that can be used with :guilabel:?

Also, in the 'important' admonition block, I would probably revise lines 28-29 for conciseness:

The team description is published on the public-facing :doc:`ticket submission form
   <helpdesk/overview/receiving_tickets>`.

Author: No, the field does not have a guilabel

   use only.

   .. image:: helpdesk/team-description-webform.png
      :alt: View of a Helpdesk team's website form displaying the team description.

> Visibility & Assignment

Reviewer: I know we tend to de-capitalize text the after colons in bullet points, but because they're sentences, I would capitalize all of them. For example, in line 48, I would make it: 

:guilabel:`Invited internal users (private)`: Internal users can access the team and the tickets

> Visibility & Assignment

Reviewer: For the warning block starting in line 64, I would revise to be more explicit about field changes:

.. warning::
   A team's visibility can be altered after the initial configuration. However, if the team changes
   from public ('Invited portal users and all internal users') access to either private ('Invited internal users') or company- only ('All internal users') access, portal users are removed as followers from both the team, and from individual tickets.

> Visibility & Assignment

Reviewer: Line 72: I would re-title this to: Follow a team's tickets

I know Odoo's field is called "Follow All Team's Tickets", but as a header, it sounds a little awkward.

> Visibility & Assignment

Reviewer: On line 87, I would reword slightly to: 

manually on each individual ticket, or through :guilabel:`Automatic Assignment`. Check the

:guilabel:`Automatic Assignment` checkbox to enable this feature for the team.

.. image:: helpdesk/helpdesk-visibility-assignment.png
   :alt: View of a Helpdesk team settings page emphasizing the automatic assignment features in Odoo
         Helpdesk.

> 

Reviewer: For line 94, when it says, "additional fields appear", is this just referencing the following assignment method options? If so, then I would just delete this and go straight into the assignment methods. Or be more specific.

> 

Reviewer: For lines 99 & 102, I would capitalize the words after the colon, since they're full sentences.

:guilabel:`Similarity` rating. From here, click either :ref:`Merge <data_cleaning/merge-records>` to
combine the tickets, or :guilabel:`DISCARD`.

Convert tickets to opportunities

> ================================

Reviewer 2: This section is really cool and such a good add to acknowledge the integrated nature of Odoo. My only feedback is sharing CRM's main doc page or eLearning lesson somewhere in this section

Some tickets may be better handled by the sales team, rather than the support team. In this case,
tickets can be converted to *opportunities* and assigned to a sales team for follow-up.

.. important::
   This feature is **only** available if the **CRM** app is installed.

To convert a ticket to an opportunity, first navigate to a ticket, either from a team's pipeline,
or by navigating to :menuselection:`Helpdesk app --> Tickets` and clicking a ticket to open it.

At the top of the ticket, click the :guilabel:`Convert to Opportunity` button.

.. note::
   If :doc:`leads <../sales/crm/acquire_leads/convert>` are enabled on the **CRM** app, tickets are
   converted to *leads*, and the button reads :guilabel:`Convert to Lead`.

This opens the :guilabel:`Convert to Opportunity` pop-up. Fill in or select the following
information on the pop-up:

> - Customer: Select whether to :guilabel:`Create a new customer`, :guilabel:`Link to an existing

Reviewer 2: Since we're directly in the pop-up and referring directly to the field, guilabel seems more suitable (:
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Customer`: Select whether to :guilabel:`Create a new customer`, :guilabel:`Link to an existing
```

  customer`, or :guilabel:`Do not link to a customer`. If :guilabel:`Link to a customer` is chosen,
  select the appropriate customer name from the :guilabel:`Customer` drop-down.

> - Sales Team: Select a :guilabel:`Sales Team` and :guilabel:`Salesperson` to assign the opportunity

Reviewer 2: While your original wording is correct, we can make it a bit clearer by focusing on what Odoo does here, rather than just describing the fields. 😊 How about:

```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Sales Team`: Specify which :guilabel:`Sales Team` and :guilabel:`Salesperson` this created opportunity is assigned
```

:guilabel:`Similarity` rating. From here, click either :ref:`Merge <data_cleaning/merge-records>` to
combine the tickets, or :guilabel:`DISCARD`.

Convert tickets to opportunities
================================

Some tickets may be better handled by the sales team, rather than the support team. In this case,
tickets can be converted to *opportunities* and assigned to a sales team for follow-up.

.. important::
   This feature is **only** available if the **CRM** app is installed.

To convert a ticket to an opportunity, first navigate to a ticket, either from a team's pipeline,
or by navigating to :menuselection:`Helpdesk app --> Tickets` and clicking a ticket to open it.

At the top of the ticket, click the :guilabel:`Convert to Opportunity` button.

.. note::
   If :doc:`leads <../sales/crm/acquire_leads/convert>` are enabled on the **CRM** app, tickets are
   converted to *leads*, and the button reads :guilabel:`Convert to Lead`.

This opens the :guilabel:`Convert to Opportunity` pop-up. Fill in or select the following
information on the pop-up:

> - Customer: select whether to :guilabel:`Create a new customer`, :guilabel:`Link to an existing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Customer: Select whether to :guilabel:`Create a new customer`, :guilabel:`Link to an existing
```

  customer`, or :guilabel:`Do not link to a customer`. If :guilabel:`Link to a customer` is chosen,
  select the appropriate customer name from the :guilabel:`Customer` drop-down.

> - Sales Team: select a :guilabel:`Sales Team` and :guilabel:`Salesperson` to assign the opportunity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sales Team: Select a :guilabel:`Sales Team` and :guilabel:`Salesperson` to assign the opportunity
```

  to.

.. image:: helpdesk/convert-to-opp.png
   :alt: The convert to opportunity pop-up window.

After completing the form, click :guilabel:`Convert to Opportunity`. Doing so creates a new

> opportunity. The original ticket is linked in the chatter of the new opportunity for traceability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
opportunity in the **Sales** app. The original ticket is linked in the chatter of the new opportunity for traceability.
```

Author: Opps and leads are in the CRM app, but I will add this :+1:

.. note::

>    After the ticket is converted to an opportunity, it is archived.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   After the ticket is converted to an opportunity, the ticket is archived.
```

Reviewer: Just clarifying that the opportunity is not what gets archived.
